---

---

**According to** the World Health Organization over a **billion** adults around the world <b><span style="background:#f9fd04">suffer from</span></b> **遭罪** high <b><font color=#008ccb>blood</font></b> pressure. It is now taking **steps** to fight against what is called a silent kill<span style="background:#f9fd04">er</span>. High blood pressure can lead to **strokes** and a <b><font color=#008ccb>heart</font></b> attack.
> **high <b><font color=#2485E3>blood</font></b> pressure = hypertension 高血压**
> **Take steps to = take measures to 采取措施做某事**
> **silent adj.-- silence n.**
> **er 可指人,也可指机器 computer**
> **lead to trokes 导致中风**
> **heart attack 心脏病**
> **Attack - attack 攻击 进攻**

Almost 10 million people die of these two diseases every year. 
> **Almost -nearly**
> **DIsease--illness-sickness -plague 瘟疫 -pandemic -epidemic 流行病**

They are the number one **causes** of death **globally**. High blood pressure also leads to **kidney failure**, **blindness** and other illnesses. It often goes hand in hand with <b><font color=#008ccb>diabetes</font></b> and **obesity**, which increases heath risks even further.
**globally=all over the world**
**kidney 肾脏**
**blindness happy-happyiness**
**diabetes**
**obesity**
**goes hand in hand with 紧密联系**

As the WHO reports, people in **developing countries** in <b><font color=#008ccb>Africa</font></b> suffer more from high blood pressure than people in **developed countries**. The reason is that health care in the developed world is much better organized and people go to the doctor soon enough.
developing countries 发展中国家
developed countries 发达国家

High blood pressure should never be **ignored** and always taken seriously. It is a warning sign from your body that something is not OK. <b><span style="background:#f9fd04">Although</span></b> people may live with high blood pressure for years without even knowing it<span style="background:#f9fd04">,</span> it is important to check your blood pressure regularly and take the **necessary** steps.

ignore-不理人 忽略 忽视 ---ignor<u>ance</u> 无知
serious--认真 -严肃 ---严重
warning sign -- red flag 警告信息
sign-signal--symbol
while-although-even though-though

The WHO says that you can **reduce** your blood pressure by changing your living habits. Eating <font color=#008ccb>a balanced diet</font>, <font color=#008ccb>exercising regularly</font>, **avoiding** alcohol and nicotine are some things that you can do without **consulting** a doctor.
nicotine 尼古丁
smoke-cigar cigarette-tobacco
consulting=asking 咨询
consultant 顾问 consultancy n.
